Let's get started with create react out.
So create re-act that was a tool that we're going to use a lot in this course and its goal is basically
to get you up and running with a fully working re-act application without much configuration.
So first our objectives are going to be to describe web pack that's a tool they create re-act app uses
to install create re-act up.
And finally to make an application using create react out of all what is web pack.
Well it's described on the Web site as a module bundler for modern javascript applications essentially
a build tool and the features that we're going to use it for.
First of all to combine different files javascript files into a single bundle jackass.
So if you've ever built a production application before you know that it's usually advantageous to bundle
all of our javascript into one single file so that the download is quicker for the client where Peck
also has a plug in system that makes it very configurable.
One of the plug ins that we'll use is the babble plugin if you remember our application before when
we opened up the console we saw that the apple is a little slow because we were running Babel on the
client side in the browser.
Well we're back now can run Babel for us before we ever deliver the javascript to the client.
And what that can also do things like bundle up our CSSA or images as well.
So I want to make the point now that Westpac is an awesome tool.
It's configurable.
It's really powerful and you can really do a lot with it but it doesn't really help you learn react.
So my priority in this course is really going to be to focus on learning reacts first and pack later
and create react that is a great tool that allows you to build the re-act application without really
knowing much about what pack it comes with a preconfigured web pack so you don't have to do it yourself.
So that's what I'll focus on in this course.
Now let's talk about using create re-act out.
So the first thing I'm doing here is I'm opening up a terminal window to start typing some commands
in cloud 9.
If you remember cloud 9 was the tool that we used back in the node section.
So if you skipped over that section you might want to go back and check it out.
The set up instructions at least if you want to get a new window that looks like this just click on
this tab and say new terminal window and then from here there's already some files installed from the
last projects.
So I'm going to start by making a new folder just for Riak stuff.
All right now I've got my re-act folder the next thing I want to do is use create reactor.
So in order to use it I'll have to install it using NPM going to do NPM install Dashti create reacts.
All right great now it's installed.
Next step would be to create a new project.
So the command there is create react.
And then the name of your project so let's just call this one hello world.
And this may take a little while with Cloud 9 but stick with it I promise it will finish up.
OK.
There we go.
So we've got our our new project installed.
Hello world.
And the first thing you'll see is all the commands that you can run.
So NPM start actually run our server for us NPM run build is for production we won't need that right
now.
NPM test runs the one test file that we've got and NPM run inject is what you'll use if you want to
configure web pack on your own.
So this takes all the scripts that are already predefined for building web pack and ejects them into
your environment so that you can edit them yourself.
We won't be using this for for now.
So this suggestion says Down here the first thing you want to do is change directories into the new
directory that was created for your project.
So I'll see the into hello world and let me clear this consolers well.
Now inside of here I've got my new project directory and in order to run this I'll just do NPM start
and now my development server is running and I can click on this link and say open in Preview
and there's our app and the next video will see all the files that we get and kind of explore what create
re-act that gives us.